(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
Wait for me. Your raccoon is coming.
(Whatever It Is We Want, We Will Get It)
(Episode 16)
Let's go back.
I've never been so excited to pack before.
Are you all packed?
What are you doing here?
(Company Restructure Task Force Team Head)
"Company Restructure Head"...
(Senior Managing Director Cho Sang Moo)
Didn't HR contact you?
Ms. Jwa, you can take all of your belongings...
to YB Department Store's...
customer service center.
- Customer service center? - Customer service center?
(Senior Managing Director Cho Sang Moo)
Did you unpack already?
You shouldn't have. You'll have to pack again.
What is it?
Are you mad about Yoon Yi's new position?
Yes. I'm mad, you jerk.
Jerk?
Are you trying to pick a fight?
You might not know,
but I repay violence with violence,
foul for foul, and for tricks...
I have a bad habit of playing tricks as well.
That's why...
you should watch your back.
Also,
you got yourself a new role.
I thought I shouldn't come empty-handed.
Is he crazy?
What is that?
Is he trying to be mean or nice?
Gosh.
Is he trying to bribe me?
Wait...
This is...
It's taffy.
Is he cursing me?
You rude punk!
Gosh, he makes me mad.
I could chew him up and that wouldn't be enough.
Hey, should I go after him...
and kick him like this?
Why are you doing this?
Too bad.
I'm leaving.
Why is an assistant going to customer service?
This kind of relocation...
is like telling me to quit my job.
Who is he to tell you that?
Exactly. Why should I quit for him?
I'll guarantee it.
I'll make you stick to me like glue.
You'll be stuck to me forever.
I'll make that happen.
It won't take long.
Okay.
I'm sick...
of carrying this around.
Just take this...
and put it on my desk.
I'll be back soon anyway, right?
Are you pressuring me...
to work harder?
Yes. I'm giving you a lot of pressure.
It's very like you.
Fight well like you always do.
What is this?
- What? - My goodness.
Starting now, all business related to e-sports...
must be halted per the chairman's order.
- Wait. - What are you doing?
Mr. Hong.
Hey, what are you doing?
Gosh...
- Stop. - Wait.
What are you doing?
I'm sure you already knew what would happen...
when you acted against their words.
And? What is it that you want from me?
It's simple.
Stop your e-sports business,
and have Ms. Wang leave the company.
You should do as you're told just like before.
Then, I'll leave.
Please let him continue his work.
No.
I won't give up either of them.
Go and tell those old geezers this.
I want my share of the company right now.
With that,
I'm going to do what I want to do.
Also,
if they deny to give me my share,
I'll tell the word what YB stands for...
and that...
we used have a lowly background...
and that we paid for...
Sir.
Hey.
Let go!
Get off of him!
Watch it. I'm going to tell the world!
- But... - Even a tail...
will squirm if you step on it.
You mean worm.
(Membership Service Center)
Ma'am, it's hard to refund clothing...
you got lipstick on.
Hey! Do you know who I am?
I'm a VVIP here.
Tell the manager to come.
Well...
I'm sorry, ma'am.
She's new here.
One moment, please.
Yoon Yi, I'll take over.
Check the VVIP list...
and the annoying customers list. Review it.
Okay.
There are always annoying people like her.
(America Pictures)
"America Pictures"?
We should air...
our special program earlier.
Pardon?
With Mr. Cho's new position,
we don't know what he'll do to us next.
That's why we must move faster.
But...
America Pictures took so many jobs,
but we can't get through to them.
Also, we have never...
seen their CEO.
He's good at getting himself out.
Should we just push forward?
They won't open the door for us anyway.
What's the point?
There is no need to worry.
If standard tactics don't work,
we'll have to do what's unexpected.
- Citron. - It's sold out.
- Lemon. - Sold out.
- Chamomile. - Sold out.
- Peppermint. - Sold out.
- Espresso. - Sold out.
- Rooibos. - Sold out.
Latte?
Sold out.
- Water? - Sold out.
- Ice. - Sold out.
This is Senior Managing Director Cho Sang Moo.
Yes. I'm actually a sweet guy.
Yes. How is Mr. Park Soon Taek's...
schedule looking today?
Really? Okay.
Then, I'll send someone.
Give them the documents I requested.
I'm actually a sweet guy.
Do you want to be fired?
Are you dying to get fired?
Is he crazy?
America Pictures...
bought over a million gift cards every year.
Doesn't it look strange?
We should look into that.
Okay, I'll call back later.
Sir. We're ready.
- Let's go. - Okay.
- Mr. Hong. - Yes?
What are you doing?
I don't know. What was I doing?
Didn't I look cool?
By the way, why do you need...
our daily records and transaction list?
Mr. Cho wants to refer to it for the next bidding.
- One moment. - Okay.
What?
What kind of nonsense is that?
When did I say that?
I never ordered that.
Pardon?
- Yes, that's right. - Who are you?
- Go. - Stop them!
Hold on! Hold on!
- Wait, wait. - Cover me!
- Hey! Stop him! - He's leaving.
- Get him. - That hurts.
Let's go.
Unfortunately, I can't drive.
What should we do?
Excuse me, Mr. Park Soon Taek.
What? Nam Chi Won?
This is enough of a testimony,
but there's no clear evidence to prove...
that Mr. Cho received the bribe.
The closest person to him should have it.
Sorry.
Hey.
Did you delete everything...
related to America Pictures?
- Yes. - That punk.
He said he would pay me back,
and he actually impersonated me.
They're all going to get fired soon.
They're trying so hard.
Wait.
Isn't Yoon Yi here in customer service?
Should we ask her to join us?
No.
I think that would make it uncomfortable.
Why? You're the one who wanted her to relocate.
Aren't you happy where she is now?
Excuse me, sir. I'm going to the washroom.
Okay. Go.
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
Sorry won't cut it.
Just tell me if it's a yes or a no.
- I'm sick of this. - I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
I said, sorry isn't enough.
I'll take care of it somehow. Please wait.
Gosh.
Thank you for the food.
Why did you invite us...
to your home?
We're all family.
- Family? Family. - Family?
I have a big announcement to make.
I'm going to become a president.
Are you finally getting into management?
I'm going to leave YB for my own business.
We can't give up on the e-sports business.
You'll be on board with me, right?
Join us, join us. All together.
I know you don't trust me.
However, I'm confident I can do this.
In order to do that, I need you guys.
I already promised to stay until my 100th day.
Of course, I'm on board.
Thank you, Ms. Wang.
Fine.
I'm sick of being scared about being fired.
I'll take the risk this time.
Will you give me...
a director title there?
- Yes, Director Baek. - Director?
I'll give everyone a promotion.
- Am I full-time now? -Do we get vacation days?
What about a raise?
I'm not feeling it.
I can't give up on a big company.
The salary and benefits will be different.
I'm a rich man.
I wouldn't go independent without thinking.
I have a lot of share in YB.
I'll do my best.
Please help me.
I'll work hard for you!
- I will do my best. - Okay, okay.
- Okay. - We got it.
Did you delete everything...
related to America Pictures?
If you can't come back to being my friend,
please return to being the great assistant,
Ma...
Bo...
Na...
from before...
again.
What is it?
My lunch time is almost over.
I have to go back.
Here.
What is it?
These are documents that prove Mr. Cho...
has been compensated by outsourcing companies.
Mr. Nam will need these.
- Bo Na. - Mr. Cho...
will become the vice-president soon.
You have to hurry.
Will you be all right?
If this is revealed, he'll know it was you.
It will be hard to find another assistant job.
It doesn't matter anymore.
I should have done it earlier.
I'm sorry I'm late.
Right.
Yoon Yi.
I actually...
- You and Mr. Nam's... - No.
Let's talk about that later.
A lot later.
I won't be able to become...
a great assistant again,
but would it be too late...
to go back to being your friend?
You were never...
not my friend.
Mr. Nam.
Why didn't you courier it?
What if something happens? It's important.
Here.
Thank you.
Wait. My friend...
gave up everything to give this to us, so...
I got it. I'll make it happen.
Okay.
Okay. This is the proof we have been looking for.
Make it into a video and print a report.
- Yes, sir. - Okay, hurry.
- To the conference room! - Okay.
- Bring the documents. - Okay.
What is this?
You said before,
that one day, I'll have to choose...
between friendship and success.
This is what I choose.
Why are you suddenly doing this?
Don't you know I was nominated for VP?
Don't you want to be the VP's assistant?
There was a time when I respected you...
for getting here purely on your hard work.
I realized that you began taking the wrong path,
but I didn't stop it,
but rather, helped you. That was my fault.
It's belated,
but I believe it is my last duty...
as your assistant...
to make you stop.
Don't... Don't tell me you'll go to Nam...
Hey, Ms. Ma.
If you leave now, your career's over!
Do you think your career can survive...
after stabbing me in the back?
(Line 2)
(Calling Line 2)
It has all the phrases that we need.
Mr. Nam.
Please confirm this.
Here.
- Is this the one? - Yes.
Just a minute.
Ta-da.
Take a break.
- Yoon Yi! - Food!
- We've missed you! - Hi!
Hold on.
Meet our boss, Mr. Nam Chi Won.
Here you go.
- Thank you. - Sure.
- Hang in there. - Thanks.
Hae Jin.
Take this and hang in there.
Thank you.
- Here's the document. - Thanks.
Wake up.
Mr. Gong. Hang in there.
Mr. Nam. Here are some pencils.
Thank you.
- Let's work. - Yes, sir.
I think...
we're done.
- Okay! - Yes!
Let's stop here for today.
Let's come in early and do a final check.
- Yes, sir. - Good work!
- Good work! - Good work!
- Good work! - It's finally over!
- Good work. - Good, good.
- Good work. - Thank you.
- Let's go home. - Yes.
You all did great.
Let's go.
- Elevator! - Stop it.
- Shall we? - Sure.
Tomorrow is finally D-day.
We shouldn't have any more problems, right?
Hopefully not.
Everything will be back to normal.
(Work Log)
I was nominated to be the new VP.
We'll announce who will be dissolved,
and cut Chi Won...
and all of his little minions.
I should dress up on such an occasion.
Don't you agree?
Yes, sir. It looks great on you.
You chose right.
Even if Do Tae Geun retires,
you'll survive thanks to me.
But...
Line 2 played a huge part last night.
Of course.
Line 2 is a fast stone.
We all worked hard.
Let's get steak together.
Salute!
At ease.
Nam Chi Won must be running late today.
He must've known he'd be fired today,
and ran away.
Okay, this will be the last meeting...
that I oversee.
Cho Sang Moo,
who was named the next Vice President.
Yes!
How about a speech?
Come on. I wasn't officially appointed yet.
What speech?
Perhaps this in my pocket.
"My dear colleagues."
"I, Cho Sang Moo, after being appointed..."
"Vice President recently,"
"feel a great sense of duty..."
"as I stand here today."
I'm sorry to interrupt.
I've prepared a special video for the chairman,
and he said it was so interesting,
that you should all watch it.
Cho Sang Mo, that rat,
threatens to eliminate me...
from the advertising industry...
if I don't give him gift certificates.
It isn't just us.
I'm sure other companies get threatened too.
If you don't do what he wants,
he'll eliminate you from the bidding war.
Contractors like us have no power.
Mr. Cho gives us work, so he's in power.
We have to do what he says.
Just consider it inflated costs...
that goes into the bid.
He demands rebates,
saying it's customary, and threatens us.
- Even if it's unfair, - What is this?
- we have no choice. - What's going on?
(Last Night)
Did you get everything?
Yoon Yi was right.
Naturally,
Mr. Cho's lines would act on a day like this.
Did you think we had left?
So, show us your face.
- What? - Ms. Koo.
Gye Young.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
My contract...
with the company...
was expiring soon, and...
I had to pay off my family's debt...
And right then, Mr. Cho...
Only we know what happened today.
We'll let VP Hwangbo...
decide what to do with you.
Do you understand?
- Yes. - But...
you need to do something for us.
That punk...
Hey.
This is all fake. It's a lie.
It's been fabricated!
Stop your stupid antics.
Get out.
Get out. Get out, you jerk!
We're with the audit team.
Please come with us.
Are you kidding me?
Let go. Let go! I'm...
Hey. Mr. Yoo. What's going on?
Line One. Handle this, you jerk!
What's going on? Let go!
Hey. Let go. Let go!
- Come with us. - Let go, you jerk.
Let go. Hey. Let go!
Mr. Do!
Let go, you jerk!
Let go. Let go already!
I warned you...
not to touch Yoon Yi.
Second warning.
You're being sent off.
Hey. Let go. I have to get him.
Let go!
How amusing.
The villain's final moment.
Once I quit,
I can't watch these fun scenes.
What a shame.
I'm sure Mr. Cho wasn't bad from the start.
Mr. Nam.
I kept my promise.
- Not yet, you didn't. - What?
You need to move back home, Mr. Tenant.
I'll be better. Live with me longer.
You don't need to keep these rules.
The track suit? Don't wear it. It's childish.
I'll do all the chores too.
Why are you so clingy? You're being gross.
If you leave, I'll be bored all by myself.
My landlord is bored without me too.
Fine. Go to Gapsoon.
I was always...
alone, lonely, and lonesome.
Once I quit work,
we won't see each other at all.
Your big brother will come over to play.
- Big brother? - That's right.
You won't be my superior anymore, and I'm older.
So...
I'll be like your big brother.
I finally get to hear you say that.
Bye, Tail.
You close the door.
Big Bro! Tail will be waiting!
I was happy! Goodbye!
Gross. So gross.
Bye!
What's with the steak?
You returned home, and I to the video department.
It's a party to celebrate both of our return!
- I like your menu choice. - Right?
Because you don't need to season it.
How do you like it? Medium? Rare?
Or well done?
- What would you like? - Medium well...
Fire. Be careful...
Are you okay?
Are you okay? The flames came this high.
You're right. Why am I okay?
Maybe it's because you're with me.
Then you'll have to stay with me forever.
[VIU Ver] E16 Jugglers "Whatever It is We Want, We'll Get It"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Hold on.
- Hold on. - Wait.
- Mr. Nam. - Are you okay?
Why do you like...
someone with so many scars like me?
There are plenty of normal people around you.
How stupid.
There's no "normal" person.
Everyone just acts that way.
You...
are special.
You are very special to me.
Thanks...
for cherishing someone like me.
Hello.
What brings you here?
I'm at a salon. I came to do my hair.
All the way from Seoul?
Yes.
Your skills are well-known even in Seoul.
You have a pretty head.
Thank you.
If you look carefully,
other parts are pretty too.
You're cheeky too.
I'll wait until you grow to like me.
What is this?
- What... - You have two parts.
I have two parts?
Why do you have to have two parts?
- Seriously. - Do I?
My hair grows quickly. That's probably why...
it probably just looks like I have two parts.
Still, I'll come often,
so please look kindly upon me,
Mother.
Do you want some product in your hair?
Yes, please.
Make me look good.
All done.
Wow. It looks great.
Thank you.
Mom.
Chi... Chi Won.
What happened to your hair?
Tae Yi, bring your resume to my office tomorrow.
Do you mean it?
Thank you!
Mother, I'll...
I'll go now for today.
Thank you.
Eat...
Why don't you eat first?
May I really?
Automatic!
Hello.
I'm finally a YB person.
Chi Won!
Hello.
Won't you be uncomfortable?
First impressions are critical.
A YB intern should dress the part.
- Follow me. - Okay.
So, do I call you "Mr. Nam" now?
Hello.
Chi Won.
Isn't your office this way?
It's this way.
Come here.
- Why... - Hurry up.
The sign says you're hiring a part-timer.
I wanted to recommend him.
Chi Won.
You weren't giving me an internship at YB?
Here.
What is this?
It's my letter of recommendation.
A letter...
I'll check every day...
to see if you work hard for six months, okay?
Six months?
I'm busy, so...
Please look after him.
- Wait. Wait... - Chi... Chi Won!
Darn it.
I bragged to all my friends...
that I was interning at YB.
You're not good enough even to be a part-timer,
but what? An intern?
Watch it. Attention!
Salute.
Good. Let's go.
Let's go.
- Put on your apron. - Shoot.
- Thanks for everything. - Thank you.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
- Thank you. - Thanks.
Hey. How do you like my outfit?
Are you really going to ride that?
Sir. She's my number one prized possession,
so please...
ride it carefully and slowly.
Is that his retirement gift?
Here's the money for the bike.
Thank you.
It...
costs a lot to start a new company.
But still, I'm proud of you.
- Good luck. - Thank you. Come visit.
Please take good care of yourself.
You made him appear human...
and made him a senior managing director.
You're impressive.
I'll play with you often, Uncle.
Bye!
So this is a foam mask.
We don't have to wash it off, right?
Here.
Hey, Bo Na.
How did your interview go?
I didn't get it again.
I'm thinking about switching careers.
To what?
Announcer?
- Hey. - Don't even.
No way. You're no announcer.
If you can't get a job,
come work for me.
That's right.
You're the best among us.
Our CEO!
I'm the best
The coffee cart at drama sets...
are very lucrative right now.
Really? That's good.
Get moisturized.
- What? - Get moisturized.
(Jugglers, Thanks for your hard work.)
I'm taking a break.
Why you little...
Thank you.
Just a minute please.
Okay.
(From In Gyo Jin with love)
- Hey. - Yes?
Awesome. Aren't you In Gyo Jin?
I'm a huge fan.
May I shake your hand?
Here.
Do you want a picture?
That's fine.
Wow. But you look a lot like someone I know.
I don't have a common face.
His name is Cho Cutter.
He's in prison.
In jail?
Bean and barley latte, please.
We're sold out.
Jesus.
Amen.
Mr. Cho.
You resented me a lot, didn't you?
I don't resent you.
But seeing you dressed like this,
it is a bit embarrassing.
I've been...
repenting a lot lately.
I've been reading the Word of Life,
and being reborn.
I'm glad.
I got your cell phone back from the auditing team.
You used to watch this video every day.
Sang Moo...
My dear Sang Moo...
I should see you become...
a senior managing director before I go...
Sang Moo.
Don't just work all the time.
Make sure you eat well, okay?
All she ever talks about is eating...
Darn it.
I should've just stopped once I hit senior MD.
I shouldn't have gotten greedy.
I miss my mom.
When you were a senior managing director,
you were super cool.
You were my role model.
Stop it.
It's all in the past.
We worked overtime...
and late into the night every day,
but I was the happiest then.
Whether it's skills and work performance,
or people skills,
Ma Bo Na is the best..
Bo Na,
hang in there.
You'll get a job again.
I'll pray every morning...
that your next boss...
will be a good person.
I believe.
Okay.
Time's up.
Darn it!
How dare you try to cut Cho Cutter's time?
Ms. Ma.
Go home.
I'll go too.
(Queen's Knights! Aim for the First Win!)
Guys, don't just surf the web.
Practice playing.
Let's have the Queen's Knights...
win at least one match.
I'm dying to perm my hair.
The printer broke again!
Again?
Mr. Baek. What if we close shop in a month...
before we even get a single win?
She's right.
How is a corporate heir's company like this?
Didn't our CEO say he had shares of YB?
Yes, he did,
but he didn't say how many shares he had.
I knew he was low on the totem pole,
but I didn't know he'd be this poor.
Ms. Koo!
- Ms. Koo! - Yes?
She's working so hard.
Bathroom run.
(CEO Hwangbo Yool)
Here's your coffee, sir.
Darn it.
What took you so long to make coffee?
Where's the whipped cream? I said I wanted this much.
Sir. You must still think you're at YB,
but you should be happy to have instant coffee.
- Hey, Ms. Koo. - Yes, sir?
Are you lecturing me?
Is that how Mr. Cho taught you?
Did you forget you signed a 20-year contract?
You have 19 years and 6 months to go.
I... I'm sorry, sir.
I'm sorry, I'm late. My class ended late.
Ms. Wang!
Why are you so late?
If only I hadn't become Mr. Cho's spy...
- Ms. Wang. The printer... - Ms. Wang...
Yes!
Can you find the report?
Okay.
Mr. Baek.
I just sent you the list of this month's new games.
Okay.
Ms. Wang! We're dead!
Our coach left again!
- Again? - Yes.
I'll start the engine. Come down.
Okay.
- Ms. Wang. - Mr. Hwangbo.
- Let's go! - Okay.
Sorry, Ms. Wang,
for making you suffer like this!
It's okay! We're doing what we want!
I'm having fun!
Interns,
this is YB's core department.
YB's flagship department.
The source of innovation!
The advertising video department. Where?
Advertising video department.
Louder. Louder.
Advertising video department!
You should be honored you were assigned here.
Let's eat. Let's go.
No, no. I said, "No."
I'm hanging up now, okay? Bye!
I'm going to lose my mind.
What is it?
- It's Mr. Hwangbo. - Yes?
He wants us to film PR videos...
for free for old times' sake.
- That's absurd. - He's like a child.
I should give him a noogie.
That rich boy is still so clueless.
Exactly. My stomach suddenly hurts.
Chang Soo.
Take a break.
You must do all the work in our department.
Here, Yoon Yi. This is my 101st heart.
You pigheaded fool. Don't you get tired?
No. You can come back whenever you want.
Let me go over your schedule for today.
At 1pm, you have a meeting...
regarding YB Electronics' new product.
At 2pm, you have a meeting regarding the whistle...
Just a minute.
The department is stable and we have interns now.
There are some rules I'd like you to keep.
Yes, sir. Go ahead.
Smiling for no reason and looking pretty.
Be careful. The person may get the wrong idea.
Also, you aren't a customer service rep.
Stop asking new hires if they need anything.
I don't like...
seeing you be so nice unnecessarily.
Your heels seem to have gotten higher lately.
You're wearing more blush lately as well.
Seriously.
There you go, nagging again.
I'm not nagging. I'm showing interest.
If you're so interested in me,
why don't you ever attend my lectures?
It's embarrassing.
You always talk about me in your lectures,
so it's too embarrassing!
Fine.
I will...
go to my lecture alone.
Okay, then.
Yoon Yi. Yoon...
She's mad again.
Who is always next to a leader...
that leads a nation or society?
It is the personal assistant.
The assistant stimulates a successful person...
to make that person improve even more.
However, we are the most helpless...
when we meet an impossible boss...
who flat-out refuses the assistant.
Ask to transfer departments.
I don't take an assistant with me.
What does it matter if I use a pen or a brush?
Are you that bored?
I find people's meddling...
very uncomfortable.
If there is a boss like that here,
I ask you earnestly,
don't consider your interest as meddling.
Please communicate and work together...
and make your assistant your best partner...
for your success.
I don't remember.
That's not right.
There had to have been a beginning.
I don't know. It's too hard.
Was it when we were together...
on Christmas?
I don't know. Was it?
Or was it...
when we suddenly signed up for the boss award?
No, not then.
Don't tell me!
Was it the 100 Q and As? Was it that soon?
I'm confused.
Seriously!
When did you first feel something for me? Tell me!
Really? Then?
Your heart pounded...
right then?
Yes. It did.
I love you, Yoon Yi.
Me too. I love you.
Are you okay? Were you hurt?
I'm fine. I'm not hurt.
Let's go to a hospital.
Happy? You hit me, and I kicked you.
We're even now, okay?
Hey!
Let's call it even! Okay?
Yes!
- You really want to know? - Yes, I do.
Why do women always want confirmation?
Yes, I want confirmation, so think.
- I don't remember. - You don't remember?
Do you remember everything?
Who am I, Bill Gates? Stephen Hawking?
Yes. You're better.
(Thank you for watching Jugglers.)
Do you remember?
I remember everything. Why can't you?
When did it start for you?
(Thank you for watching Jugglers.)